When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
1) When several people have to share the inbformation
2) When moving between computers
3) When needing a place where access is easier and backeup
4) Because it is free.
When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Fill in your answer here

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    1) Pull would be logical
    2) Pulling would not happen in the middle of something
    3) Pulling would not involve useless queries

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A clone is pulling a complete history of a project (including all changes into a new area
    A Branch is where a new label is placed on the flow and goes in a different direction
    A fork is where two items diverge

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    This allow one to determine if updates need to be made

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Another config control, probably more diffucult

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Try out small and big changes and see if they work (or not)

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
    1) Pull would be logical
    2) Pulling would not happen in the middle of something
    3) Pulling would not involve useless queries

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
    Fork  w/in GitHub to make a clone
    Clone w/in a local repository or from GitHub to a local repository
    Branch local repository change only

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
    All of the latest changes would be present
    IF you make a change it will not require(maybe) as much deconflicting
 
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
    It would probably be much harder unless using another config software

